The updated docs for Ragas-Haystack Integration (#297)
deepset-ai/haystack-integrations: integrations/ragas.md

template = [
    ChatMessage.from_user(
        """
Given the following information, answer the question.

Context:
{% for document in documents %}
    {{ document.content }}
{% endfor %}

Question: {{question}}
Answer:
"""
    )
]

# Sets up an LLM-based generator to create responses
prompt_builder = ChatPromptBuilder(template=template)
chat_generator = OpenAIChatGenerator(model="gpt-4o-mini")
```
#### Configuring RagasEvaluator Component

Pass all the Ragas metrics you want to use for evaluation, ensuring that all the necessary information to calculate each selected metric is provided.

For example:

- **AnswerRelevancy**: requires both the **query** and the **response**.
- **ContextPrecision**: requires the **query**, **retrieved documents**, and the **reference**.
- **Faithfulness**: requires the **query**, **retrieved documents**, and the **response**.

Make sure to include all relevant data for each metric to ensure accurate evaluation.

```py
llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini")
evaluator_llm = LangchainLLMWrapper(llm)

ragas_evaluator = RagasEvaluator(
    ragas_metrics=[AnswerRelevancy(), ContextPrecision(), Faithfulness()],

>     evaluator_llm=evaluator_llm,

Reviewer: This code snippet should be updated with Haystack code

Author: Hi @bilgeyucel, updated it with Haystack

    single_turn['retrieved_contexts'] = [doc.content for doc in haystack_documents]

    evals_list.append(single_turn)
```
> When constructing the `evals_list`, it is important to align the keys in the single_turn dictionary with the attributes defined in the Ragas [SingleTurnSample](https://docs.ragas.io/en/stable/references/evaluation_schema/#ragas.dataset_schema.SingleTurnSample). This ensures compatibility with the Ragas evaluation framework. Use the retrieved documents and pipeline outputs to populate these fields accurately, as demonstrated in the provided code snippet.

#### Evaluating the pipeline using Ragas EvaluationDataset
The extracted dataset is converted into a Ragas [EvaluationDataset](https://docs.ragas.io/en/stable/references/evaluation_schema/#ragas.dataset_schema.EvaluationDataset).

```py
from ragas import evaluate
from ragas.dataset_schema import EvaluationDataset

evaluation_dataset = EvaluationDataset.from_list(evals_list)

llm = ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-4o-mini")
evaluator_llm = LangchainLLMWrapper(llm)

result = evaluate(
    dataset=evaluation_dataset,
    metrics=[AnswerRelevancy(), ContextPrecision(), Faithfulness()],
    llm=evaluator_llm,

> )

Reviewer: This part as well

print(result)
result.to_pandas()
```

Output
```
Evaluating: 100%|██████████| 9/9 [00:21<00:00,  2.35s/it]

{'answer_relevancy': 0.9715, 'context_precision': 1.0000, 'faithfulness': 1.0000}
```

<div>

> <style scoped>
>     .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
>         vertical-align: middle;
>     }
> 
>     .dataframe tbody tr th {
>         vertical-align: top;
>     }
> 
>     .dataframe thead th {
>         text-align: right;
>     }
> </style>
> <table border="1" class="dataframe">
>   <thead>
>     <tr style="text-align: right;">
>       <th></th>
>       <th>user_input</th>
>       <th>retrieved_contexts</th>
>       <th>response</th>
>       <th>reference</th>
>       <th>answer_relevancy</th>
>       <th>context_precision</th>
>       <th>faithfulness</th>
>     </tr>
>   </thead>
>   <tbody>
>     <tr>
>       <th>0</th>
>       <td>Who are the major players in the large languag...</td>
>       <td>[In the rapidly advancing field of artificial ...</td>
>       <td>The major players in the large language model ...</td>
>       <td>The major players include OpenAI (GPT Series),...</td>
>       <td>1.000000</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>       <th>1</th>
>       <td>What is Microsoft’s Azure AI platform known for?</td>
>       <td>[Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is famous for i...</td>
>       <td>Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is known for int...</td>
>       <td>Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is known for int...</td>
>       <td>1.000000</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>       <th>2</th>
>       <td>What kind of models does Cohere provide?</td>
>       <td>[Cohere is well-known for its language models ...</td>
>       <td>Cohere provides language models tailored for b...</td>
>       <td>Cohere provides language models tailored for b...</td>
>       <td>0.914599</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>       <td>1.0</td>
>     </tr>
>   </tbody>
> </table>
> </div>

Reviewer: This table representation would create better UI
```suggestion
<div class="styled-table">

| user_input | retrieved_contexts | response | reference | answer_relevancy | context_precision | faithfulness |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -- |
| Who are the major players in the large languag... | [In the rapidly advancing field of artificial ... | The major players in the large language model ... | The major players include OpenAI (GPT Series),... | 1.000000 | 1.0 | 1.0 |
| What is Microsoft’s Azure AI platform known for? | [Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is famous for i... | Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is known for int... | Microsoft’s Azure AI platform is known for int... | 1.000000 | 1.0 | 1.0 |
| What kind of models does Cohere provide? | [Cohere is well-known for its language models ... | Cohere provides language models tailored for b.. | Cohere provides language models tailored for b.. | 0.914599 | 1.0 | 1.0 |
</div>
```
